fuck
Business says how are you how
Can't imagine
That's not possible.
Absolutely impossible
Obviously watching you jump off a building
How can there be nothing
What do you think?
The person standing in front of you now is a ghost
Must be a ghost
None of us can jump off the 18th floor.
Nothing bad happened.
Did you see me jump?
But I just jumped to the next level
and
The person you see lying on the ground is not me either.
All the things you want to do I have already expected
And they were prepared.
How do you tell me
Hello Xiao Li
He asked me to the rooftop just to force me to jump off the building
You just need to after I send you a message.
Arrange for someone to lie on the ground
You can lie to me
I jumped this and I can't help it.